[SDK-5974] [BD-5080] Banner Properties (#10172)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/banners/placements.md

- While the composer allows you to preview Banners in different dimensions, that information isn't saved or sent to the SDK.
- The HTML will take up the full width of the container it's rendered in.
- We recommend making a fixed dimension element and testing those dimensions in composer.

## Custom properties {#custom-properties}

{% alert important %}
Custom properties for Banners are currently in early access. Contact your Braze account manager if you're interested in participating
{% endalert %}

You can use custom properties from your Banner campaign to retrieve key–value data through the SDK and modify your app’s behavior or appearance. For example, you could:

> - Change layout or styling based on a property like `color` or `expanded`.
> - Use metadata such as a `timestamp` or JSON object to trigger custom behavior.
> - Detect control variants and decide whether to hide a container or show alternate content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send metadata for your third-party analytics or integrations.
- Use metadata such as a `timestamp` or JSON object to trigger conditional logic.
- Control the behavior of a banner based on included metadate like `ratio` or `format`.
```
